remove green border for Feasibility Operation Involved and Raw Materials
Shift raw material on right side of 
feasibility icon for Inquiry All
On hover on button write Feasibility(Inquiry All)
shift all button to right side in All Inquiry
Add CutLength in Feasibility after CutWeight Not Mandatory
Create one class for Status of Inquiry.
In Inquiry Update there is close Inquiry button and having a comment box for closing inquiry/ Here put one alert also before closing
Inquiry List Sort on Inquiry Date with Latest One

approval Staus on top, ApprovalDate and ApprovedBy in bottom of View Part. for PO and Quotation both
Comment should display in Main View Part for PO and Quotation both
In po add CGST,IGST and SGST



Forging Cost is based on selection of Net wt. Gross Wt and Cut Wt. (Multiply with weight and Forging cost)
MPI is based on Net Wt or Per Piece (Net Weight * Amt if Net weight selected ) and (Per Piece Means Qty from Inquiry * Amt if selected Per Piece)

Cutting = for dia (Pie/4)*(dia*dia)/25.4*25.4
for rcs: (dia*dia)/25.4*25.4

Total Raw Material Cost= (Steel Cost * Gross Weight) + Transportation
Total component Cost= Total Raw Material Cost + Total conversion Cost


manish.kumar@estarsoftware.com
9163168846


After PO Approval : Disable All controls
After PO Rejection: User can edit all
In Po Add Document Upload button
In PO User can view after PO Approved


In Quotation Main View At bottom Add /Approved By/ Rejected By / Filestatus(At top Beside Inquiry)




-------------------

Done 1. Add Approval / Rejection comment on Main Page.(Quotation)
Done 2. Download Button on Quotation Approval View All Version.
Done 3. Updation of Quotation: If click on checkbox (Create New Version) then Insert otherwise Update the existing data.
Done 4. Add on emore column for Quotation Version No (i.e, Sequence of Inetger)(Display that number in header along with status)
Done 5. There will be two comment for Quotation, Approval /Rejection Comment and Comment for creating new Version.
Done 6. In PO: Add Button instead of check box for Same As Quotation, For that if your clicks ask with an alert to reset.
Done Need To Discuss: 7. Add SSM_YYMM_InquiryNo instead of QuotationNo As (Q-1).
show Version No in Quotation Main View.
Done 8. Download of quotation will be like SSM_YYMM_CustomerName_InquiryNo_VersionNo.
Done 9. In All Inquiry Remove Quotation Download Button, Add Download link in QuotationNo itself.
Done 10. Do same as 9 for PO also.
Done 11. In PO screen, we have to give a check for POQty Open or Closed. If Open Qty can be blank and closed Qty is mandatory.
Done 12. Also can we have status text in inquiry list with some colors to identify different status. like red for rejection and green for approval. 
You can decide the best.


-------
In PO no: VPO-MMYY-Number
Give file upload control: not mandatory
On selection of Vendor Name: Contact person will be populated. 
On selection of contact person, email will be populated.
Write a class file for the Rate/MT. Use only MT don't use Rate
Item code will come from Stock-Consumables: 
Master: Grade Materials
Master: Section
Outsourcing : Processes: will come from feasibility operations involved
Add icon instead of Add and Remove in Consumables grid
Add GSTN and PAN in CustomerVendorMaster_Tb
Display both in 




----- 
In Goods Inward: No of bars


DC-> Outsourcing-> GST No from Vendor Name selection populate VPONo: From there show GST CGST,IGST,SGST

Update The WO Balance Qty In Job Dispatch


GI -> Raw Material: Move PONo from bottom to Upper Side (Both Customer / Supplier)
(Insert Qty to RM_Inventory Table Also)


DC-> Lab Testing:  Open a popup from RM_Inventory With All Data, User will select one data or multiple it will fill up in the following table,
user will enter quantity 
(heat code, material grade, section (Type of section in popup only))



Vendor Purchase Order: 
Consumables: Insert/ Approval- Rejection Done. (PDF format pending)
Raw Material: Insert/ Approval- Rejection Done. (PDF format pending)
Outsourcing: Insert/ Approval- Rejection Done. (PDF format pending)
Maintanance Spares: Pending

Goods Inward:
Consumables: Insert Done (Download/View Pending)
Raw Material: Insert Done (Download/View Pending)
Outsourcing:  Pending
Repair: Pending
Maintanance Spares: Pending

Delivery Challan:
Job Dispatch: Done.
Outsourcing: Pending
Lab Testing: Pending
Repair: Pending